c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormAdmin.resources
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormEdit_Add_.resources
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormMain.resources
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormRegistration.resources
c:\users\newvsb\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication01\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe.config
D:\1\GitRepos\1\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe.config
D:\1\GitRepos\1\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
D:\1\GitRepos\1\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe.config
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormAdmin.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormEdit_Add_.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormMain.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormQuerry.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormRegistration.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\1\GitRepos\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe.config
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.exe
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.pdb
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormAdmin.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormEdit_Add_.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormMain.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormQuerry.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.FormRegistration.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lamarLich\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\myInteface-one\WindowsFormsApplication01\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication01.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
